Support Vector Machine Assignment

The given dataset is from Lending Club which connects borrowers with investors. 
We will use lending data from 2007-2010 and build a classifier model to predict whether or not the borrower has paid back their loan in full.

Dataset: loan_data.csv

Here are what the columns represent:

credit.policy: 1 if the customer meets the credit underwriting criteria of LendingClub.com, and 0 otherwise.
purpose: The purpose of the loan (takes values "credit_card", "debt_consolidation", "educational", "major_purchase", "small_business", and "all_other").
int.rate: The interest rate of the loan, as a proportion (a rate of 11% would be stored as 0.11). Borrowers judged by LendingClub.com to be more risky are assigned higher interest rates.
installment: The monthly installments owed by the borrower if the loan is funded.
log.annual.inc: The natural log of the self-reported annual income of the borrower.
dti: The debt-to-income ratio of the borrower (amount of debt divided by annual income).
fico: The FICO credit score of the borrower.
days.with.cr.line: The number of days the borrower has had a credit line.
revol.bal: The borrower's revolving balance (amount unpaid at the end of the credit card billing cycle).
revol.util: The borrower's revolving line utilization rate (the amount of the credit line used relative to total credit available).
inq.last.6mths: The borrower's number of inquiries by creditors in the last 6 months.
delinq.2yrs: The number of times the borrower had been 30+ days past due on a payment in the past 2 years.
pub.rec: The borrower's number of derogatory public records (bankruptcy filings, tax liens, or judgments).
not.fully.paid: whether or not the borrower paid back their loan in full
 
QUESTIONS:

1. Read the dataset (0.25 M)
lookout for missing values (0.25 M)
Compute statistical summary of dataset (0.5 M)

2. Visualize the feature relationships
Pairwise Plot (1 M)
Heatmap (1 M)
Create a countplot using sns showing the counts of loans by purpose,  with the color hue defined by not.fully.paid. (1M)
 
3. Split the Data
Divide into features and target (0.5 M)
Divide into training and testing (0.5 M)
Ensure that data is divided with a more or less equal ratio of class 1 and 0 in both test and train set (0.5 M)
 
4. Implement the SVM Model
Scale the features (1 M)
Train Model (1 M)
Predict (1 M)

5. Measure Accuracy
Classification Report (0.5)